Hello
I can help you to complete task in a short time. Please get in touch so that we can discuss further.
MY TECHNICAL CREDENTIALS: I am a FULL STACK front end and backend developer with a relevant experience of 6 years in website and App development.
I have a strong grasp on a number of technologies like (but not limited to)
-Android/SQLite.IOS
-React/React Native
-C#, .Net Framework
-PHP/MySQL
-Shopify/App
-CMS: WordPress, HTML, Laravel7.x
-Responsive webdesign layouts
Let’s discuss more because I need more details from you so that I can complete this quickly.

I hope more discuss for more understanding of your project. I feel very happy to chat with you.
Thank you!





4313 7477 0248 5616

2023/06

952





♥♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥♥
♥♥♥♥♥
Hello
I have just read your job posting carefully and am sure to provide you the best result in the world.

Why does select me?
-My 8 years of rich experiences in Angular, Angular Material..
-The owner of good communication and flexible response power
-The full-time and individual developer who has a stubborn Fighting spirit
-Complete all the projects perfectly

Could you please send me a message for discussing your project in a detail?
Look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thanks@Best regards







Hi.
I saw your suggestion carefully.
I have more than 10+ program developers with over 5+ years of experience.
We professionally upgraded the version of the laravel project and updated the app with it.
We are a team of professional reactjs strap, flutter and bootstrap developers with expertise in website design and responsiveness.
Therefore, building a backend API that integrates mobile apps into the laravel 
you need is a professional skill of our development team.
I sincerely hope to meet with you soon and give a specific discussion on this task.
Thank

Hi.

I'm PHP and C Programming expert.

I saw your suggestion carefully and will give you good result.

I sincerely hope to meet with you soon and give a specific discussion on this task.

Thank you.


Hi sir!

I'm a shopify expert with more than 3 years of experience working with the Shopify project and I can solve the scanning problem.

Previously, I did the same project on another employer {https://app.excusume.jp}.

When should it be done?

I understand how annoying it is and I can make this quick for you!

thank!
